What? What? What? What?
Cut it out and tell me with your own mouth
Although the enemy is ahead, eh
There’s no way I can’t do it without showing off my temper.
The more impulsive you are
I had no choice but to be established
Just be what you become
She won't go first
I don’t want to help the makeup girl
Just thinking about establishing a woman
I feel very sad
Very casual
Those who achieve great things
I'm just thinking
You must never make trouble anymore
Waiting for my mother, I have no plan to make a fortune
Why are you so noisy? Mom, right?
Today, since my mother has grown up
It's this rich guy
always america
That mother only loves others and throws away a few
But I also want to steal a liar from her.
I can’t release anything.
But the most important thing for an actor is
What kind of tools do we have to face?
Right?
The person whose name is this really gives you a gift
You will be crazy tomorrow
will be at auction
Give yourself time to be happy while doing it
both of you
You don't take the exam either
Mom is looking for some temperament
It's because you don't like to spend your life.
It's you who decorates the country who asks about it
will you go with us